Well I come to this module where we will learn how we can send h to requests from our re-act application
to a server because re-act of course is a library which allows you to create the front end of your application.
Basically the HVM our code the thing the code running in the browser.
And if you're creating a single page application something you're often doing with react.
Then you have an even more decoupled application more decoupled from your back and therefore it's of
course important to understand how you can actually send aid to the P Or since we have that decoupling
going on A-check request specifically from your re-act front and from your javascript code to your server
side back end.
Now let me show you how this works in the next lecture.
And then of course let me show you how to actually implement it into a re-act application.
Throughout this module.